Subnautica: update docs with resume info (#853)
ArchipelagoMW/Archipelago: worlds/subnautica/docs/setup_en.md

> 

Reviewer: Could you edit
> - Subnautica from: [Subnautica Steam Store Page](https://store.steampowered.com/app/264710/Subnautica/)

to add something like " or other game stores"? The mods work with Subnautica from the Epic Game Store (where Subnautica has been temporarily given out for free in the past). If it helps, the verbiage from QModManager4 is "Run the game from the Steam Library (or other game store library)"

4. Start Subnautica. You should see a Connect Menu in the topleft of your main Menu.

## Connecting

> Using the Connect Menu in Subnautica's Main Menu you enter your connection info to connect to an Archipelago Multiworld.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You enter your connection info from the generated multiworld in the Connect Menu within Subnautica's Main Menu in order to connect.
```

> Menu points:

Reviewer: I think a small screenshot or two would be ideal.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/49286967/182435567-35bcb828-e2f1-4652-8138-9e83d608ab85.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/49286967/182435589-8b87f277-92e6-4562-a603-eb9980aad035.png)

>  - Host: the full url that you're trying to connect to, such as `archipelago.gg:38281`.

Reviewer 3: i think "full url" would include `ws://`
```suggestion
 - Host: address and port that you're trying to connect to, such as `archipelago.gg:38281`.
```

Author: It can, if not present it gets added. Since it's automatic I didn't want to clutter the instruction.

Reviewer: I don't think "port numbers are part of a URL" is common knowledge, even though it's absolutely true. I like the suggested change.

>  - Host: the full url that you're trying to connect to, such as `archipelago.gg:38281`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - Host: the full url and port that you're trying to connect to, such as `archipelago.gg:38281`.
```

Reviewer 3: url includes port, so that change is not required. With the sample on the right people will understand anyway.

 - PlayerName: your name in the multiworld. Can also be called Slot Name and is the name you entered when creating your settings.
 - Password: optional password, leave blank if no password was set.

> After the connection is made, start a new game, you should start to see Archipelago chat messages to appear, such as a message announcing that you joined the multiworld.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
After the connection is made, start a new game. You should start to see Archipelago chat messages to appear, such as a message announcing that you joined the multiworld.
```

## Resuming

When loading a savegame it will automatically attempt to resume the connection that was active when the savegame was made. 

> If that connection information is no longer valid, such as if the server's IP and/or port has changed, you can use the Connect Menu to connect to the new instance before loading the savegame.

Reviewer: Does the game show you an error if the port changed, and an error if the port is valid but a different multiworld (hopefully invalid slot name or invalid game id for the slot name)? In a flowchart sort of way, it would be good to say how the user will know to back out and try the next steps.

Author: It will cause the menu to appear, allowing you to connect while the game is ongoing.

> Warning: Currently it is not checked if this is the correct multiworld belonging to that savegame, please ensure that yourself beforehand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Warning: Currently it is not checked if this is the correct multiworld belonging to your savegame, please ensure that yourself beforehand.
```

Author: There is a listing of savegames, all of which are "yours". So I think "that" still works better.

## Troubleshooting

> If you don't see the connect window check that you see a qmodmanager_log-Subnautica.txt in Subnautica, if not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't see the Connect Menu within the Main Menu, check that you see a file named `qmodmanager_log-Subnautica.txt` in the Subnautica game directory. If not,
```

QModManager4 is not correctly installed, otherwise open it and look

> for `[Info   :   BepInEx] Loading [Archipelago 1.1.0.0]`, version number doesn't matter. If it doesn't show this, then

Reviewer 3: thing it might be better to just strip away the version
```suggestion
for `[Info   :   BepInEx] Loading [Archipelago`. If it doesn't show this, then
```

Author: Maybe "version number can be higher"?
Would like to have the effect that the user looks at the version to see it's reasonable at least.

Reviewer 3: then "doesn't matter" is not the ideal choice of words. :D
"... for [stripped] and check the version number next to it. If if does not ..."

I imagine people might ctrl+f, so it's better to not include it in the first place.
